Update links (#143)
SwedbankPay/swedbank-pay-woocommerce-payments: installation-guide.md

![image3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6286270/63706069-d76ff400-c82e-11e9-8768-78c5144ccec0.png)

There are explanatory descriptions under each setting.

> To connect your module to the PayEx system you need to navigate to https://admin.externalintegration.payex.com/psp/beta for test and https://admin.payex.com/psp/beta for production accounts and generate tokens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect your module to the PayEx system you need to navigate to [Swedbank Pay Merchant Portal (Test)](https://merchantportal.externalintegration.swedbankpay.com/) for test and [Swedbank Pay Merchant Portal (production)](https://merchantportal.swedbankpay.com/) for production accounts and generate tokens:
```
